Add warning about additional % character in zsh and fish (#230)
sbt/sbt-ci-release: readme.md

gpg --armor --export-secret-keys %LONG_ID% | openssl base64
```

> *Notice: If you will try to display base64 encoded string in the termianl like zsh or fish 
> they might include additional `%` character at the end of the output to indicate end of the content.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
*If you try to display the base64 encoded string in the terminal, some shells (like zsh or fish)
may include an additional % character at the end, to mark the end of content which was not terminated by a newline character. This does not indicate a problem.*
```
